hi my name is Shasta Nelson I'm the CEO
of girlfriend circles calm and my blog
today is on my five circles of
connectedness to help you identify the
way that we all have different types of
friends and they belong in different
categories not all friends are equal you
can love them all but they're not all
the same purpose so really quickly
there's a five circles across here the
first one our contact friends these are
the least intimate friends on the far
left side of the spectrum these are the
people that we kind of gravitate to at
the networking meetings that we go to at
the mothers group at work they kindly
have a an introduction to them we have a
familiarity with them we by no means do
anything with these people outside of
that context moving a little bit deeper
is our common friends now these become
the friends that we can actually have
quite a bit of intimacy with but it's
within one realm of commonality this can
be our weight loss buddy our church
friends our mothers playgroup so we can
actually be quite connected and be
sharing quite a lot of about ourselves
but it tends to be in this one area this
is a really important area of friends
when we go through a health crisis we
need other friends who get us where
we're at so this is our common friend
circle I'm gonna skip the middle one and
come back to it in just a moment but as
you move to the right side of the
continuum two things happen one is the
frequency with which we see people tends
to often increase a little bit more but
the second more important thing is that
what we have in common with somebody
begins to branch out so that we have
other things in common with them so for
example it would be our moms playgroup
friends now that we're inviting over for
barbecues so our husbands are meeting
each other it's so that the women that
we meet at church are now also people
who we are who we're going jogging with
so what that means is that these are
people who have moved into our community
so that if that area of commonality ever
changes we no longer work with them our
kids no longer go to the same school we
no longer attend the same yoga class we
are still friends with them it is not
dependent on having that thing in common
anymore
and then you can move into the final
most intimate category this is our
commitment friends these are the women
we are committed to often known as BFFs
these are the women who we say high
priority I will make time to make sure
that these 3 to 5 women typically are in
my circle and cared for coming right
back to the middle is a category that I
call confirmed friends these are women
who used to be on the far right side of
the continuum but for whatever reason we
moved often is the most most popular one
we don't have the same frequency with
them anymore so we can pick up where we
left off we solve the intimacy but we
don't have the consistency so these are
women that have been confirmed and we
love them they love us we call them for
the big stuff but they no longer have
the consistency to warrant being on this
end and yet they're there to intimate to
be on this edge so they're holding our
middle really important to look across
the spectrum we need friends in all five
circles and in the course of the next
five blogs are so I'm going to be
teaching on how to build an increase in
each one of these five circles
most of us err on the side of one or the
other we either have so many friends but
we don't have built the intimacy or we
have intimacy with one or two but we
don't have women in the pipeline so just
evaluate your friends and in the
upcoming several vlogs hope you
subscribe to my youtube channel follow
me on girlfriends circles comm /blog and
we're gonna be looking at your
friendships this month glad you joined
us again miner Shasta Nelson girlfriend
circles calm